oh how sweet I found a few spare bucks
in my pocket hmm what should I buy a
candy bar a cheeseburger from McDonald's
oh I know I'll buy a house yeah you
heard me right with just a few dollars I
can actually buy property well this is
really hard to believe there are a
handful of homes in desirable cities
around the world that are listed for as
little as $10 or even a buck but as you
can imagine there's a catch they're
either impossible to renovate in bad
neighborhoods or even worse
would you fork up some pocket change for
these homes Victorian mansion $329,000
well this home costs a lot more than a
little pocket change it's still an
incredible bargain considering the size
and ornate details found in the home
built in 1875 by a wealthy chair
manufacturer named Sylvester K Pierce
this Victorian style mansion boasts an
impressive 10 bedrooms 11 foot ceilings
and original vintage Hardware like door
handles and windows sounds pretty
awesome for 3:29 doesn't it however if
you move into this home you'll never
have any alone time again no seriously
this place is riddled with spirits
according to different ghost shows and
past owners this mansion comes with a
beautiful staircase a charming kitchen
and ghosts there are a number of
different apparitions that have
supposedly been seen here most notably a
little boy who tugs at your legs he's
believed to be a member of the Pierce
family it's also been reported that
inanimate objects have moved by
themselves
in 2008 Edwin Gonzalez and Lillian Otero
moved into the mansion but eventually
had to move out once the spirits got out
of hand
according to realtor.com
as of 2015 the home was under contract
with one incredibly brave buyer at least
they never have to worry about feeling
lonely on a Friday night ever again
Detroit House $1,000 could you ever
imagine paying more for a laptop than a
home I couldn't either until I saw this
Detroit home listing as an effort to
combat abandoned homes and over 80,000
city-owned structures the city of
Detroit started listing the nicer
properties at housing auctions when home
that was listed was a particularly
incredible bargain for just one thousand
dollars you could get a historic Tudor
style home from the 1920s complete with
seven bedrooms five bathrooms and a
jaw-dropping 69 windows all that for a
thousand bucks
count me in but before you whip out your
checkbook you should know that this home
needs quite a few renovations sure it
has the charm of an early 20th century
home but that's because it's literally
still standing the same way it was back
then not that many upgrades have been
made it needs new electrical wiring
plumbing and even new wood floors and
those are just a few things on the list
needless to say this old home needs a
little lovin do you think it's worth a
thousand bucks new jersey mansion ten
dollars okay compared to the other
houses on this list this property is a
little more pricey at ten whole dollars
why buy lunch out when you can spend the
exact same money on a house well there
is a small catch one of the conditions
of buying this New Jersey mansion is
that you'll be solely responsible for
moving it off the property it currently
sits on why would anyone request such a
thing well a real estate group had
previously bought the land the mansion
was sitting on with the intention of
building eight new homes on it and this
old 3900 square foot mansion is not one
of them but moving a home off a piece of
land in one piece isn't like taking out
the garbage there are a lot
moving parts in the case of this home
moving is actually prohibited by the New
Jersey town Planning Board who signed a
deal to keep the home intact to preserve
it it was built back in 1906 after all
that's pretty old another fun fact about
the house it was once owned by Aubrey
Lewis the first african-american to
serve as captain of a football team at
Notre Dame since Lewis passed away in
2001 the home has been up for grabs
however owing to the fact that it has to
be moved it isn't all that desirable
that's probably why whoever buys it will
now be awarded ten thousand bucks by the
seller to help with the extensive move
houses in the UK for one euro dream of
owning a home but can't imagine having
enough money for a down payment well you
may want to consider relocating to a
place called Cobra JH in the UK this
town is full of vacant homes for a price
that most people can find at the bottom
of the purse in 2015 the UK came up with
a way to bring life back to this
post-industrial town by selling a bunch
of vacant homes for just one euro each
that equates to one US dollar and
thirteen cents wow what a bargain so
what's the catch well this town and its
many vacant homes are definitely in need
of some fixing up in Cobra ch you'll
find a pretty canal and charming old
industrial buildings however the vacant
homes and their terraces have been
neglected and looked more like a scene
from TLC's hoarders than a quaint town
so while the price of these homes is
just one euro buyers are expected to
take out a low interest loan of
thirty-five thousand dollars to restore
one they'll also be required to live in
the home they bought for five years
before selling it well this is still a
pretty good deal considering the general
high prices of real estate it's a lot of
work with no real guarantee of a profit
but just think if enough people invested
in these little Cobra Jerome's the town
could really turn into a pleasant place
homes in a low lie Italy one dollar
when you think of Italy delicious pizza
old architecture and beautiful artwork
come to mind but incredibly cheap real
estate not so much but in the city of
Ola lie there are around 200 homes that
are priced at just one euro a buck 13 in
US dollars a low lie is located in the
mountainous region on the Mediterranean
island of Sardinia these unbelievably
inexpensive homes are abandoned and in
very poor shape
practically unlivable they require at
least $25,000 in complete renovations
according to cnn.com but why are these
homes listed at just one euro it's all
part of an elaborate plan to bring this
village in Sardinia back to life as of
now it's well on its way to becoming a
ghost town with a population of just
1,300 and it's barely growing at all
officio arbo allo lies mayor explains
how the city is proud of its history and
traditions and wants to do what it can
to keep the town from disappearing from
existence well with homes listed at this
price they have a much better chance of
getting those homes up and running again
and the plan seems to be working well
kind of as of 2018 three homes were
purchased and plenty of requests have
been coming in from other countries like
Australia and Russia so if you're
willing to relocate and immerse yourself
in the rich Sardinian culture this may
be the deal of a lifetime
[Music]
a home in San Francisco one dollar if
you've ever been to San Francisco you
know it's a beautiful place but it's
also in the top three most expensive US
cities to live in according to USA Today
it costs an average of over twelve
thousand dollars a month in living costs
for a family of four in San Francisco
yikes that's why it's even more
surprising to learn that San Francisco
is home to a property listed at just one
dollar yup in San Francisco pretty wild
right so what's the catch here why would
a house in one of America's most
expensive cities be so incredibly cheap
this house sits on a plot of land in
Hercules an eastern region of the San
Francisco Bay Area the property is
considered an historic home in the area
and is titled historic home 54 it's also
referred to as Queen Anne thanks to its
Victorian vibes in 2010 the town of
Hercules purchased the historic home in
hopes of fixing it up and preserving its
character they put down their whopping
one dollar and went to work on
restorations to move the property to the
city's corporation yard to begin working
on it they had to cut the home in half
but they probably should have thought
harder about that move since they
quickly realized they couldn't fork up
the time and money necessary to make the
home great again
that means someone else has to not only
buy the home but move its two halves
from the city's property to their own
plot of land sounds like a lot of work
especially for one dollar now can you
think of anyone that would be interested
in these bargain homes for sale tell us
if you think these homes are good
investments over in the comment section
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side